README.md, before:

# Udacity data science nanodegree course
## _Introduction to data science end of module project_

## Theme

This project was run based on the data from tennis ATP games results. On top of games players, results or scores, the dataset used provides the betting odds that are used to understand if a simple gambling strategy can be used to ensure or maximize benefits.

## Contents

The project is composed of a simple jupyter notebook file. All comments are provided in it but, in a nutshell, it does:

- Import the data downloaded from 
- Check how reliable are the odds (is the player with the lowest value always winning ? hint: no)
- Study the correlation between the level of reliability of the odds and the type of tournament
- Analyze a gambling strategy for the four biggest tournaments (Grand Slams)

## Installation

Nothing special here, you just need a jupyter notebook instance running.

## License

MIT

**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [dill]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger.git>
   [john gruber]: <http://daringfireball.net>
   [df1]: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>
   [markdown-it]: <https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it>
   [Ace Editor]: <http://ace.ajax.org>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [Twitter Bootstrap]: <http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/>
   [jQuery]: <http://jquery.com>
   [@tjholowaychuk]: <http://twitter.com/tjholowaychuk>
   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>
   [AngularJS]: <http://angularjs.org>
   [Gulp]: <http://gulpjs.com>

   [PlDb]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/dropbox/README.md>
   [PlGh]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/github/README.md>
   [PlGd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/googledrive/README.md>
   [PlOd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/onedrive/README.md>
   [PlMe]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/medium/README.md>
   [PlGa]: <https://github.com/RahulHP/dillinger/blob/master/plugins/googleanalytics/README.md>

Commit message:

Added complementary files and enriched source

README.md, after:

# Udacity data science nanodegree course
## _Introduction to data science end of module project_

## Theme

This project was run based on the data from tennis ATP games results. On top of games players, results or scores, the dataset used provides the betting odds that are used to understand if a simple gambling strategy can be used to ensure or maximize benefits.

## Contents

The project is composed of a 4 jupyter notebook files. All comments are provided in it but, in a nutshell:

- Analysis: Imports the data downloaded from the original file, check how reliable are the odds (is the player with the lowest value always winning ? hint: no), study the correlation between the level of reliability of the odds and the type of tournament, analyze a gambling strategy for the four biggest tournaments (Grand Slams)
- TooSimplePrediction: tries a naive approach of predicting the odds by using only the rankings of both players
- Enrichment: computes some additional data to use as features in the hope of getting a better model (number of wins in last 5 and 10 matches)
- SimplePrediction: tries to predict the odds using the newly computed features

## Installation

Nothing special here, you just need a jupyter notebook instance running.

## License

MIT

**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**
